Docs: Document type qualifiers (#5165)
cython/cython: docs/src/userguide/language_basics.rst

If you want to use these numeric Python types simply omit the
type declaration and let them be objects.

Type qualifiers
---------------

Cython supports ``const`` and ``volatile`` `C type qualifiers <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_qualifier>`_::

    cdef volatile int i = 5

    cdef const int sum(const int a, const int b):
        return a + b

    cdef void print_const_pointer(const int *value):
        print(value[0])

    cdef void print_pointer_to_const_value(int * const value):
        print(value[0])

    cdef void print_const_pointer_to_const_value(const int * const value):
        print(value[0])

.. Note::

>     Both type qualifiers are not supported by pure python mode. Moreover, ``const`` modifier does not support more complex
>     expressions (e.g. const members of structs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Both type qualifiers are not supported by pure python mode.  Moreover, the ``const`` modifier is unusable
    in a lot of contexts since Cython needs to generate definitions and their assignments separately. Therefore
    we suggest using it mainly for function argument and pointer types where to ``const`` is necessary to
    work with an existing C/C++ interface.
```

I think `const` doesn't work in a lot of places, so it definitely isn't usable as one might in C/C++, to routinely declare variables as  `const` if you don't plan to modify them. Therefore I think it's useful to set the expectation "use this only when you need it to work with C/C++"

Author: Thanks @da-woods for suggestion.

If you want to use these numeric Python types simply omit the
type declaration and let them be objects.

Type qualifiers
---------------

Cython supports ``const`` and ``volatile`` `C type qualifiers <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_qualifier>`_::

    cdef volatile int i = 5

    cdef const int sum(const int a, const int b):
        return a + b

    cdef void print_const_pointer(const int *value):
        print(value[0])

    cdef void print_pointer_to_const_value(int * const value):
        print(value[0])

    cdef void print_const_pointer_to_const_value(const int * const value):
        print(value[0])

.. Note::

    Both type qualifiers are not supported by pure python mode.  Moreover, the ``const`` modifier is unusable
    in a lot of contexts since Cython needs to generate definitions and their assignments separately. Therefore

>     we suggest using it mainly for function argument and pointer types where to ``const`` is necessary to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    we suggest using it mainly for function argument and pointer types where ``const`` is necessary to
```

(My mistake!)
